So I'll reply to each point you made in the Life_System_2.txt file.
Then I'll write an assesment / appraisal at then end.

[Fixes]
1) The cause is most likely because some players have the "medic" trait which was something used by Dom to define who is a medic.
I cannot perform an action on rolechange unless I rewrite the actual Group mod, so at this stage the only thing I could do is give everyone 5 lives regardless of role.

[Features]
1) There are two possible causes for the delay.
   1- The server distributes the data with a delay.
   2- The data is sent realtime but the player does not see it in the menu.
If the case is that the data is sent realtime I would have to build a updating loop that runs constantly while the menu is open to catch changes made on other machines.
This feature may not work and should take roughly 90 min to implement.
**90min**

2) I thought this one was already implemented, I'll run a test and see what can be done.
**30min**

3) Use the objective notification to show lives.
Using the task notification spesifically would take some research to find and use, a faster option could be building a custom notification if you are up for it.
The custom notification I estimate at 60min work, and the task notification at 120min
**120min**

4) Send a notification to the player that recieves a life.
This is easy enough to implement.
**30min**

Final Calculation for all mentioned features:

Hourly rate:    10 USD pr hour.
Estimated time: 270 minutes (4.5 hours)
Minimum price:  30 USD
Maximum price:  60 USD