Before you continue reading I did a quick test with both without mods only running CBA and the Life Menu. Then we did a second test with the whole modpack.
Regardless when running both tests some issues showed up both times regardless if with mods or not. Those are what I reported below.

| Fix |

Fix #1:

When the session first starts anybody already on the server will have their lives either reduced by one or slightly increased. 
The solution could be to tell when a player joins the server and then always set their lives to 5 no matter what. 
The only time their life should be set to 6 is if they select the Medic after joining.

| New Features |

QoL #1: 

Make the menu update changes more quickly for everyone. 
When I remove a life it takes a few seconds to change for other players.

QoL #2: 

Make the life count change to yellow when the player reaches 4 lives left. 
Orange when they reach 2 lives left and Red when 0 Lives left.

QoL #3: 

If the player presses the show lives button instead of a hint display the objective notification with the top text saying the amount of lives left

QoL #4:

Make the information within the menu update in real-time for all players. 
Whenever anybody's lives change the menu is updated as quickly as possible for all players.
If any player changes to the Combat Medic their icon and name color updates as quickly as possible.

( Life Notification )

Notification is around the middle top of the screen similar to when a new objective pops up ( Example Below ) telling them the amount of lives they have left every time they respawn.
This should slowly go from white to Red with maybe some sort of skull icon when there are no lives left while still alive.

A notification for being given or when a medic transfers a life should also exist

Medic = "Player transferred a life to you"
Admin = "You have been given a life"

If the player presses the Show Lifes button instead of a hint use the same Life left warning as they would get if they respawned.

- When the player has no lives left they will get a notification on respawn with a skull icon saying no lives remaining.

Example: https://gyazo.com/4d69eaf3b065529ecc7a6f5843535470